One month ago, I had one AI agent doing
everything. It was writing my ex
content, managing website requests for
my team, monitoring my trading bots,
handling client emails, basically
running my entire life. But the constant
context switching was killing
productivity. My AI agent, Max, would be
deep in trading analysis, then suddenly
I'd ask him to write tweets, then jump
to client work. This is why today I have
four AI employees. Each one a specialist
in their own domain. We have Max who is
my chief of staff, Nox, who is my
trading bot operator, Sage, which is my
ex-content specialist, and Nova, my
YouTube specialist. Noox alone has made
$140 in net profit with a 92% win rate.
[music] and Sage has helped me generate
$355
in the last 2 weeks in creator revenue.
[music] Hi, I'm Charbell and in the next
15 minutes, I'll show you exactly how
you can go from one overloaded AI agent
to a specialized team that does
everything [music] that you need for
you. So, here's what was happening when
I just had one AI agent doing everything
for me. At 9:00 a.m., I'd go like, "Max,
analyze my Poly Market positions." and
Max would start looking at my trading
data, my trading history, the logs, what
it has done, what it hasn't done. Then
at 9:05, I would go like, "Actually,
write me five tweet drafts first." And
Max would be forced to switch gears. He
would be losing all of his trading
context to jump on this new request for
me. And then at 9:10, wait, did you
actually finish the client proposal I
asked from you for Unfungeible? That was
exactly what was happening every single
day when I just had one AI agent working
for me. Max was constantly forced to
switch over. He wasn't gaining no deep
expertise. He just had to start from
scratch every single time. The
breakthrough was specialists get better.
Generalists stay where they are. And
here's the thing, you wouldn't hire just
one person to be your accountant, your
delivery driver, your operator, and your
chief of staff at the same time, would
you? So, why do that with AI? That being
said, let me introduce you to my team.
Max is my main AI operator. He's my
chief of staff. He handles big picture
stuff, schedules, priorities, connecting
the dots between other AI agents. He
basically thinks like a business owner,
just like me. I mean this morning Max
told me Nox flagged unusual volatility
in our Bitcoin position. Sage is
drafting content about it. Nova suggests
we turn it into a short form video. Want
me to coordinate? I mean that's not task
switching, that's orchestration. Then we
have Nox, my AI trading agent operator.
He lives and he breathes poly market
betting markets and that's literally his
entire focus. He checks on all of my
trades and how the bot is performing
every 2 hours and he makes sure that
there are no cracks in our strategy. I
mean, Nox caught our trading bot making
a wrong trade last week, and he ended up
preventing it, selling that trade before
it was a realized loss, and he ended up
saving us $20.
That's the beauty of specialized AI
agents. Sage, our lovely Sage right
here, he's our ex content specialist.
He's obsessed with everything that works
on X, tracks every tweet's performance,
and studies competitor patterns, and
writes in my voice. You can see every
morning he comes up with a bunch of copy
drafts, a bunch of ideas, a bunch of
tweets for me to look over and give him
feedback on. I can approve, reject, I
can give him reasoning so that he can
learn every time. I can tweak. He
basically takes care of all of my
content ideas for X. And like I said,
Sage's content idea generation helped us
generate $355 in creator revenue in the
last two weeks. That's the power of
Specialized agents. And finally, we have
Nova, my YouTube specialist. I mean,
YouTube is a different ballgame. Nova
understands thumbnails, titles,
retention curves, what makes people
click. Nova suggested the Poly Market
bot video that hit 10,000 views.
basically 10x my average view count on
YouTube. You can see she's literally the
one who suggested how to build a poly
market trading bot with OpenClaw. And if
we look at that video, there we go. That
video is currently my top performing
video on my YouTube channel. It's gained
me over 300 subscribers. One video
alone. 300 subscribers. I've never seen
that on my YouTube channel. Now, let's
talk money. Because with Nox, the first
week he ended up basically just losing a
bunch of money. He was still learning
the market. He was still learning how it
operates and what makes a good trade,
what makes a good bet, what makes a bad
bet. The second week was mostly about
making up for all of his losses. And the
third week was our money run where he
ended up making in total uh over $140 in
profit from an initial $100. That's
$140%
return on investment. That's just crazy.
As for Sage, my ex specialist, my ex
content engagement is literally up. You
can see when I started using him and he
started generating me a bunch of ideas
for me to act upon. You can see how much
my engagement has shot up. Same for my
follower count. Same for my activity
overall. I mean, Sage is pretty much the
one who had the idea for this content
piece. My AI agent is having a good day
today. He said he wants to use his
profit to buy a Mac Studio. And I mean,
look at this. The engagement on this
one. We're at 400,000 impressions and
1,700 bookmarks on a tweet Sage
suggested. Here's the thing everyone
keeps getting wrong. They think you need
different AI providers or complex setups
when you don't. You just need to learn
how to properly talk to AI. The best
prompters, the best builders I've met
and had the pleasure to work with all
know how to conversate well with their
own AI agents. I mean, this is the best
example I can give you of talking wrong
to your AI. Hey, Claude, help me create
a business that makes a billion dollars
in revenue. Make no mistakes.
>> Have you heard that before?
>> Now, the right way would be, "You are
Nox, my trading bot specialist. Your
only job is monitoring the poly market
and catching problems before they cost
me money." The magic is in the
specialized prompt in being as specific
as possible in your objectives, KPIs,
and how you measure success. Here's the
exact prompt I use to create new
specialists. You can literally copy
paste this. Here it is. I want to create
a specialized AI sub agent for my
business. Before we start, I need you to
ask me these specific questions. And
then it goes into five specific
questions. Number one, what is the
specialty area this agent should focus
on? You're defining its expertise, its
area of specialty from the get-go.
Number two, what is the specific
objective this agent should achieve?
What is its goal? What is its end goal?
What is the one purpose that it is being
created for? Number three, what KPIs
will this agent be rated on? How will we
measure success? You see where we're
going with this? Four, what should this
agent's personality be like? You're also
defining his personality just like you
would with an employee. I mean,
technically, you wouldn't define the
employees personality. You would just be
stuck with it. But here, you have the
chance to define the dream personality,
the people you want to work with. How do
you want them to be like? Number five,
what tools or data sources does this
agent need access to? How is it fetching
its data? What APIs is it using? What
tools is it using? Where is it getting
its numbers from, its data from?
Based on my answers, create a detailed
agent persona with a name, an emoji,
specific role definition, daily
responsibilities, success metrics, and
communication style.
Personally, I only like to talk to one
agent, which is Max, my chief of staff.
I don't I told him from the get-go, I
don't want to talk with any other agent.
I talk to you. If it's in another
agent's domain, delegate to them always
and then relay back to me what they send
you. I never want to be talking with a
hundred agents at once. The more agents
there are, you can just assume the more
chaos ensues. Then give the exact prompt
I can use to initialize the specialist
agent. Ask me these questions one at a
time. Don't make assumptions about my
business. Now, let me show you this in
action. I'm going to create a brand new
specialist right now. So, I've got two
web apps. Clips.unfgeible.xyz.
That's our clipping platform where
creators distribute content. And I've
got will it go viral.xyz, a tool that
predicts if your tweet will go viral or
not. Right now, nobody's watching these.
No one's researching what competitors
are doing. No one's checking for UX
issues. No one's pitching improvements.
I just fix stuff when it breaks or when
team members come to me and tell me,
"Oh, Shabelle, the website is breaking.
This is breaking. Fix it. Please ask Max
to fix it." So, that's exactly what
we're going to change today. So, lucky
enough, I asked it to generate this
visual that I showed you earlier. Let's
paste the prompt and let's get started
with that. Okay, so here it is. Question
number one. What is the specialty area
this agent should focus on? Let me reply
to it with a voice note. Web app product
optimization. I basically want someone
constantly finding ways to improve our
web apps and tools that we have
available. Both clips.onfundable.xyz
and will it go viral.xyz. And just like
that, I've sent it. I've replied to its
first question. Now it should take that
in and give me the second question.
Okay, it's replied. Great. Web app
product optimization for
clips.unfundable.xyz.
Got it. Question number two, what is the
specific objective this agent should
achieve? Research competitors, analyze
best practices across different
industries, and pitch me three to five
actionable improvement ideas every
single day.
Let's hit send.
And with that, we wait for it to listen
to give us back a reply. Okay, it's
replied again. Research competitors,
analyze best practices across
industries.
Love it. Question number three, what
KPIs will this agent be rated on? How
will we measure success? The KPIs I'd
like you to use to measure success are
how many ideas I actually approve and
actually implement. So basically,
approval rate and whether those changes
move the needle on user engagement and
daily user visitors every day. Okay. So
number four, what should this agent's
personality be like?
Uh productminded,
ideally datadriven. He knows web
development, but explain things in plain
English. He thinks like a product
manager basically, not just a developer.
And now we get a response. There we go.
Product minded, data driven, thinks like
a PM, not just a dev. Question five.
What tools or data sources does this
agent need access to?
He needs access to our codebase for both
web apps and also competitor websites.
So, he'll need to research what
competitors exist that are parallel to
our products. And he will also need
access to our analytics dashboard. There
you go. Here's your new specialist,
Pixel, web app product specialist. So,
he's already named him. Pixel Ro product
optimization specialist. Daily
responsibilities. Let me scroll up.
Research competitors.
Stream ladder. Opus clip vizard for
clips. Tweet hunter. Typefully, hype
fury for viral. Analyze best practices
across industries. Pitch three to five
actionable improvement ideas daily.
Track which ideas get approved and
implemented. Monitor analytics for
impact of ship changes. Success metrics.
Idea approval rate. User engagement.
Daily visitor growth. Time from idea. So
the speed of implementation,
personality, product minded,
communication style, concise daily
briefs. Each idea includes what to
change, why,
expected impact and effort estimate.
That being said, he gave us the prompt.
So, literally all we have to do is give
it to him. Actually, want me to actually
set up Pixel as a real agent with a
daily cron job right now. We don't even
need to paste it. Yes, Max, please.
And thank you.
And just like that, we've already
designed our fifth AI employee. And
boom, just like that, Pixel is live.
Craw every day at 9:00 a.m. Amsterdam
time. model. He's going to use Sonnet
4.6 delivery straight to your Telegram.
What he does, researches competitors, so
on and so forth. Tomorrow morning,
you'll get your first pixel brief. Want
me to run him right now so you can see
what he comes up with? Absolutely.
Let's see
what he got. What he's got, but anyway,
Max understands me. That's what matters.
Okay, let's see what he's got. So,
Pixel's running. He's got a 5m minute
timeout. And right now, Max just sent me
that pixel has finished. It took 21
seconds. You saw it, but I don't see a
status field. Let me check if the ideas
were saved. Ideas were saved. Now, let
me check what he came up with. So, there
we go. Five ideas for clips. He
suggested weekly Clipper performance
digest, auto send stats to Clippers,
medium effort, uh 20 to 30% more active
Clippers. So, he's also uh sort of
predicting how much this feature will
increase activity for Clippers. Number
two, bonus progress countdown banners,
urgency nudge. When Clippers are close
to a bonus milestone, it sends them a
nudge. And number three, campaign invite
links. Self-s serve Clipper onboarding
via sharable links. Honestly, I love
these ideas. I think I might just tell
him to implement all three. And for will
it go viral.xyz, XYZ. These are the two
ideas he gave. Dimension scorecard.
Break virality into four subcores with
AI fix suggestions and niche viral tweet
library. Show real viral tweets from
your niche after scoring. All backed
with competitor data. The announcement
should have hit your Telegram, too. What
do you think? Any of these get the green
light. So, this is actually amazing
because I just realized what Max, the
genius Max just did. Not only did Pixel
just get those ideas,
Max sent those ideas to Sage, our ex
content specialist, to write draft
tweets about us announcing these
updates. So, before we even go live with
these updates, we have tweets to
accompany them so that we could announce
these updates. This right here is the
power of having an AI specialist agent
team. And that took what, like 5
minutes. I just hired a product manager
that now works 24/7 for me every single
day. Doesn't skip a day. 9:00 a.m. sharp
on my desk. And for no extra cost, I'm
still on my Clawude Mac subscription. I
don't pay more. Now I have an extra AI
agent doing all that grunt work for me.
That's how fast you can expand your
team. Five questions, five minutes, and
now I have a product specialist
monitoring two web apps around the
clock. But here's the real advantage
between having one AI agent that's a
generalist versus many AI agents that
are specialists. Specialists get smarter
over time. Knox knows every trading
pattern from the last month. Sage knows
which content angles work for my
audience. Nova understands my YouTube
analytics better than I do. Generalists
restart from zero every conversation.
Specialist built expertise over time.
And you might ask, "But Charbell, don't
four agents get chaotic?" That's where
Max comes in, my chief of staff, my main
AI agent. He's not gone, he's evolved.
My initial AI agent is now my chief of
staff. He coordinates between
specialists, makes big picture
decisions, handles stuff that crosses
domains. I mean, this morning, Nox
flagged Bitcoin volatility. Sage wanted
to post about it. Nova suggested making
it a YouTube short. And Max sent me Nox
gave me the key data points. Sage
drafted the tweet with Nox's insights.
The NOVA outline the short form
structure. I'll review everything and
decide timing. Three specialists working
together, one coordinator making sure it
makes sense. Now, let's talk about the
common mistakes I see when people are
setting up their specialists. Mistake
number one, they make specialists too
narrow. The wrong way would be you only
write tweets about crypto. The right way
would be you specialize in Xc content
strategy with focus on engagement and
lead generation. You've just given it
its clear objective and its KPIs. It
knows what you want. Mistake number two,
no clear handoff. If no spots a trading
opportunity and Sage should post about
it, how does that happen? You need to
define the process. You need to let your
AI team know this is the person I want
relaying my information to me. This is
the person I want to do the
communication between one another AI. Or
maybe you want them to communicate each
individually together. Maybe you don't
want this central orchestrator piece.
Mistake number three, letting
specialists overlap. If two agents both
handle email, you'll get duplicate
responses and just confused clients. My
rule of thumb is each agent owns their
own domain. When they need help from
another specialist, they go through Max.
Okay, here's some real talk. The first
month of me doing this was messy. Noox
was too conservative with trading calls.
Sage wrote content that didn't match my
voice. Nova suggested video topics I had
zero expertise or interest in even
filming. But here's what happened.
With time, they got better. Not smarter,
better at their own specific jobs. I
mean, Nox learned my risk tolerance by
watching my reactions to his
suggestions. Sage studied my highest
performing tweets until he nailed my
voice. And Nova figured out which topics
actually get views on my channel. Sage
in week one used to say things like,
"Here are some general crypto content
ideas." But Sage today in week four says
something like based on yesterday's poly
market post performance which got 89
bookmarks, I suggest we dive deeper into
the prediction market psychology because
it outperformed your other content. And
he also bases it on competitor analysis
and he shows angles that no one else is
covering. It's not prompt engineering.
That's expertise that each and every one
of them is building over time. So use
that starter prompt that I gave you for
each and every role that you want to
create. Ask yourself, what are the three
to four core functions that your
business relies on? And make an agent
for each of those functions. So here's
what I want you to do today. Number one,
list the three to four core functions in
your business. Number two, use my
starter prompt to design one specialist
agent. Number three, spend a week
training that one agent to be excellent
at their job. Number four, once it
works, create the second specialist.
Then number five, repeat until you spend
less time in the business and more time
on the business. I hope that makes sense
to you in a couple of weeks.
Start with one, master the specialist,
then scale. Don't try to build four
agents at once. You'll get overwhelmed
and none of them will be good. Trust me,
I learned it the hard way. The biggest
change isn't technical. It's mental.
Before I used to think I need to learn
everything and do everything. But now
I'm thinking I need to direct
specialists who know their domains
better than I do. And this is that shift
that needs to happen with you for you to
stop being an individual contributor and
start being a CEO of AI talent. Nox
knows more about my trading patterns
than I do. Sage understands X engagement
better than I do. Nova has studied my
YouTube analytics deeper than I have.
That's not threatening to me. That's
leveraging the power of these AI agents.
And you might ask, but what if these AI
make mistakes? And [snorts]
you know, Nox suggested a bad trading
strategy to me once and I gave him
feedback. He never made that mistake
again. Human employees, I mean, they
make mistakes, too. The difference is AI
learns from every mistake immediately
and iterates and remembers it. You might
ask, I don't trust AI with important
business decisions. Neither do I. That's
why Max coordinates and I approve all
the big decisions. I mean, the agents
job is to suggest, I decide, they
execute. Perfect division of labor.
Look, one month ago, I was drowning in
tasks. Today, I have a team that never
sleeps, never complains, and gets
smarter every single week. $140 in
profit from Nox, $355 in creator revenue
from Sage, $10,000 views on Nova's video
suggestion. This isn't about replacing
human creativity. It's about amplifying
it with specialists who handle what they
do best. That being said, if you found
this video valuable, make sure to hit
that subscribe button. I'm trying to hit
10,000 subscribers by the end of 2026.
And drop a comment. What specialist
agent would help your business the most?
Customer service, content creation, data
analyst? Let me know. See you in the
next video.